whatsapp chat ( same can be for facebook)
font size , back wallpaper , send & receive clarification , reply on specific text , chat contacts mgmt , 
user online offline status , last seen 
chat backup , update phone number , disable /delete/hide chat
UI part for all ( scrolling , hieght , size , color etc )
Chat contacts , 
story update , delete , 24 hrs , video , image uploading , size - quality – duration of image & videoss
profile photos – update , delete , status /about 
whatsapp logo , authentication through screen/face/finger lock 
daywise messages , search in messages
whatsapp calls – voice & video ( max- min limit ) , read & unread messages , 
whatsapp group – max & min limit , admin rights 
chat send , chat – contact delete , block fn , archieved fn
scanner in whatsapp







phone pe app ( same can be for gpay/paytm)
1.	To validate fund transfer through QR code
2.	To validate fund transfer throughaccount number
3.	To validate fund transfer through UPI
4.	To validate fund transfer through mobile number
5.	To check login/sign up functionality
6.	To check account balance
7.	To check notifications part working
8.	to check recharge & pay bills part
9.	to check sponsered links working
10.	to check bookings made through app
11.	to check switching apps working
12.	to check subscriptions part working
13.	to check sponsered games working
14.	to check insurance part working
15.	to check correct taransaction history display.






Video/media player app ( same can be for songs app)
Ex – youtube , netflix , amazon prime 
Prerequisities – appln should be installed on device / open in web

Proper internet connectivity , different video quality , sound low & high , clear voice – not lagging voice  , comapre original vs uploded video , 
playback spped controls , play – pause – rewatch  functionality  , progress bar of watching , video downloads in parts from that white line , forward – backward play , 
Like ,dislike , subscribe  , unsuscribe , notification , views  dipslay & working 
Delete video from player , edit thumbnail  , view analytics for uploader only
Check 2 videos not to run on same time , kids mode , adult content , sensitive content autherization testing 
history of watching , clear history ,  watched list , watch later , playlist creation , restrictions to watch  videos , analyctis control ,  
verify – video total – remaining duration , description , thumbnail is displaying 
verify ads showing before to start & in between video 
verify media player is not supporting to only audio files

checkout comment section – max word limit , rating for comments , reply on comment , date of comment , how old is comment , like dislike on commnet , 
max – min comments , delete - modify  comment 
uploading parameters – uploading speed , restrictions for video ( like thumbnail , description , content type , sound quality , video quality , owner of video , 
downloading paramenters – downloading speed , downloading restrictions , third party downloads suppport or not , actual vs uploaded downloading quality ,
remove private info when downloads , download logo like in tiktok


